(It was disappointed to wrap up LOOΠΔ TV for LOONA Studio, so we made a last episode of it!)
JinSoul: Cheongsimhwan was useless for me~
Kim Lip: I guess we took it too early
JinSoul: It felt like having a small talk with real friends
JInSoul: So it was very fun~
JinSoul: YeoJin, aren't you nervous?
Kim Lip: I envy you~
YeoJin: It was too hot~
YeoJin: So I kept trying to take of my jacket because it was hot~
(Choerry stops YeoJin)
Chuu: I really wanted to see fans~
Chuu: I was very busy doing practice or something to prepare
Chuu: And finally I met Orbit here like this and it was very happy to see them.
Chuu: They gave me so much positive energy. Thank you!
Yves: It was very nervous~
Yves: Oh my... my hands are still trembling...
Yves: Anyway, now we know how to do it
Yves: So we will try to do a better job with ease at the full group's show
Go Won: yyxy!
(Thank you for watching and loving LOOΠΔ TV for LOONA Studio!)